Q. What is the default access specifier for classes in cpp?
   The default is for classes to be private. All member declarations before
   the access specifier have the private access specification.

Q. What is the default access specifier for structs in cpp?
   The default is public.

Q. What should I us a struct or a class if I only need public access?
   It is customary to use a struct. 
   
Q. What does the arrow operator do for a class?
   The arrow combines dereferencing (*) and member access (.). 

Q. What order does the custructor initializer use for initializing.
   They initialize data members in the order that they appear in the class
   definition, hot their order in the ctor-initializer.

Q. When does a Constructor-initializer allow initialization of data members?
   Ctor-initializers allow initialization of data members at the time of their
   creation.

Q. What should you pass by value and what by reference?
   Pass by value: ints, doubles, other primitive types. string_views. 

   Pass by reference: Object, functions, etc.

Q. What is a delegating constructor and how does it work.
   Allow constructors to call another constructor from the same class.

   This call cannot be placed in the constructor body, it must be in the 
   ctor-initalizer and it must be the only member-initializer in the list. 

Q. How do you tell if two objects are the same?
   If the pointer are the equal, that means that they point to the same space in memory.

Q. What is this?
   This a pointer to the left hand side.

Q. What do assignment operators return? 
   All assignment operators return *this.

Q. How do I make the compiler generate the copy constructor or assignment copy constructor
   if the class has a user declared copy assignment operator or destructor?

   By adding = default to the constructor or operator you can generate the code.

Q. How do you distinguish between a copying and assignment?
   Things that look like declaration are going to be copies. Once the object
   has been constructed, it is likely an assignment.


   
